Instruction on how to use the application

deployment url:

npm install
- Start front-end : 
yarn add semantic-ui-react
cd client/src
npm start

- Start back-end
node server.js

- /Home will lead you to the default home page showing the restaurants
But accessing anything beyond that will take you to login screen

-Log In page you will be asked to log in as customer, restaurant or admin

Customer Login: username: user, password: user
Restaurant Login: username: user2, password: user2
Admin Login: username: admin, password: admin

Wrong username or password will have a popup red error message

Once you log in as a user, the navigation bar (gray bar on the top) will change according
to the session cookie, and the text on the top right will show the type of user currently logged
in. Using the navigation bar can lead you to the login/signup page when not logged in, or 
can allow you to log out when you are logged in.


Logging in as Admin:
Once you log in as admin you will be brought to adminview.
As an admin you can toggle between looking at all restaurants and all user data within the database.
You can also search for restaurant or user by their names.

Once you click search you will need to hit back to get back all the user/ restaurant data.

The data can be deleted or editted by the admin. When deleting there will be a window pop-up
warning to delete the user/restaurant. Once confirmed the user will be removed from the server.

Editing by clicking the edit button and go into edit mode for one restaurant. You can change
all the descriptions and data directly stored in the database.

Unique username are enforced so user cannot share usernames, but user and restaurants can.
That means you cannot edit the username to be the same either.

Logging in as customer and restaurant will bring you to their respective pages, and change the
session user to the correponding type/ id.




- For Product where you can buy stuff and checkout：
Click on Product tab or Go to 
http://localhost:3000/ProductList
You can use the add button to add the product you want to add 
Then you can view your Shopping cart and remove anything you don't want.
Finally you checkout to pay and will direct you to the login page



- Overview of the routes 
Get http://localhost:5000/api/products  You can get product data
Post http://localhost:5000/api/products  You can post product data using data.js